<!--
name: A Reflection of War
peek: THE REFORMER
tags: chapter
chapter: 2
date: 1687367890
-->

*Babylon's Hell, the area that surrounds Cathedral Hall. The center
itself is part of the plains, which extended to encompass the northern
zone. Master Darus is just north of the hall. East of these plains is an
elevated area with a small lake atop, this is where Theros stood his
ground. These hills grew lower further south, and two rivers extended
from this lake down the hills. One drifted west of the hill slowly
arching southward; the other river continued south before depositing
into a deep valley and ravine. From the river into the lake is a small
waterfall, but the lake continued rushing downward deeper into the
valley; a massive and deceptively beautiful waterfall, which poured into
the domain of one of the most dangerous specters: Chastes, a
warlord-class threat. It appears to take the form of the water itself,
but I have seen how terrifying it truly is. Any being that steps foot in
those waters, they'll continue to get sucked into the current until they
are absorbed. West of this is a great forest, with various elevations,
trees, and creatures. Further north is where Kevin is, and even further
north is where the forest grows thicker. I have seen some of us
reconvene up north, perhaps to prepare for a fight with Kevin or Darus?
Nevertheless, despite the circumstances, Babylon's Hell is a visually
stunning location.*

*However, within moments... Babylon's Hell began to live up to its name,
as it descended into something straight out of a nightmare. I had
accounted for each of us to have a unique arsenal of abilities, but it
never crossed my mind that such destruction could happen in such a small
amount of time. The spectral beasts wreaked havoc on our numbers,
chasing the weaker fighters as they fled behind the stronger ones. As
the sky grew orange and black, and the temperatures began rising, the
forest I was once in could barely be called habitable. The lower half
was engulfed in flames; as the ash settled on the ground, it was clear
that even this inferno wasn't enough to provoke Kevin out of his
position. Kevin was considered the strongest, but the other captains are
no joke either; the sound of Theros' shots could be heard from anywhere.
Fire, falling trees, the sickening air, and the occasional knife or
arrow could not even make him flinch. A few warriors charged in to
strike him, yet the force of his parry sent them flying, either
incapacitated from hitting a tree or with a newfound fear of death as
they ran out of the forest. Surprisingly, Master Darus saw the least
challengers. He was out in the open, meaning there was no possibility
for a surprise attack---and he was impervious to ranged attacks as well.
Master Darus was unique in that he had an equal spread of affinity
throughout all four of the human psyche, making him proficient with each
element. Though I wouldn't have imagined he would be able to make such a
powerful barrier around himself.*

*The biggest nightmare of all is that some of the specters have taken
the form of other Aesir. These are unique specters, in that they are
more intelligent than they are destructive. They test the traps laid by
us, and even make some of their own. They work together to corner and
torment us, and I have caught wind of a potential hierarchy system among
them. For the sake of being safe, I've stolen three ID cards on my way
out of the forest, moving east towards the lake. I see people
challenging Babel by the river, and he seems to be the best match for
me; perhaps I should take this opportunity?*

"Above me, state your name."

*Below? No, to my right. Beneath the overhang, someone is hanging by the
wall? A hideout? Does the cliff cave inward?* "Walter du Aesir. I am no
threat."

"Leave this gorge. It's suicide, it ain't worth it."

*His tone of voice is stern but lacks direction. His judgement is
clouded with fear.* "What have you seen?"

"The lake is alive. Babel and Theros are cooperating; before you can
even strike Babel you get downed by Theros. I don't even know if they're
aware how dangerous being sent into the lake is. The lake... it doesn't
let you go."

"Chastes?"

"Not just Chastes, the outskirts of the gorge have a ton of monsters
that look just like us. They fool us, then throw us in when we least
expect it. If I stay here the entire time, I won't be found... and I
won't die. I'll at least live to the end so I can find out why... this
has happened to us. Why have our idols sent us to our death?"

*Confusion. Fear. Bitterness. He's impaired by these emotions. I don't
blame him. I know that not everybody is as motivated as I am. But
perhaps I may be able to move these people... am I getting closer to the
meaning of honor and glory?*

"Your name, what is it?"

He scoffed. "What, you wanna remember me when I'm gone? You've got the
presence of a fighter, I'm sure you'll make it outta here. Or maybe you
wanna hold onto a name at your deathbed? Better save that for your loved
ones."

"I stated my name, and I am not a threat. It's common courtesy to give
your own." *Perhaps, this shift in tone will benefit me.* "Would you
rather I be a threat?"

A short pause. "You've got guts, even if you sound young. A bright
future, huh. The name's Adel."

"Adel du Aesir?"

"Hah, 'course not. We've all had our own lives before becoming an Aesir.
Adel Ewan, that's how I want you to remember me."

"I won't need to be doing any remembering. You're going to survive
this."

"Really? How are you so sure of it, haven't you seen your comrades die?
What makes me any different?"

Walter gently grazed the dirt, the ground beginning to shift. Adel was
slowly raised to the same level as Walter, and within a moment of seeing
his face, Adel had come to realize who he was speaking with. Walter du
Aesir, a prodigy who was born and raised by the Vanir family, trained by
Cassius and Darus. He had always thought that such a man would never
bother with the common folk, for Adel was an average warrior that sought
to protect his family in a small village. Now that he had matched a
voice to an appearance, seeing that fire in Walter's eyes had resurfaced
memories of his own past. His will was reignited once more, as the days
of being a single father taking care of his two children after his
wife's passing. His inability to protect them, and his anguish and grief
quelling his desire to preserve. When he enlisted to join the imperial
guard, his dedication and will had steered him to the path of an Aesir.
Yet as the years passed, his resolve began to dull. Before him now was
something that reinvigorated the scent of his past convictions, as he
saw Walter's eyes burning with determination, calculation, confidence,
and excitement. It was the kind that was pure, untouched, and
unfaltering. They looked at each other for a brief moment, until he
spoke the words that would change Adel's fate.

"Take my hand or follow my lead, and you too will be sure of it."

***

*Adel's equipment has a lot of use, he must have a lot of experience in
underhanded methods. He has many poisons at his disposal, and his blades
are serrated with chemicals to make each slice more lethal. Perhaps they
are intentionally dulled for this as well.*

*We continued to observe Babel as he fought the others. Babel's very
adept with martial arts, and I have yet to see him use his weapon.
Perhaps this is something I have inherited from Darus, but the captains
often keep their weapon unsheathed the same way I do. Perhaps they await
the true challenge, are they observing us keenly?*

*At some point, it was far too dangerous to remain by the gorge. The
specters grew in numbers and strength, and it became difficult for Adel
to determine who was friend or foe. They behaved just like us, and they
didn't harm us immediately. They were accruing information on us... we
should remain on the low. For the time being, I fortified the entrance
of a cave so that we may stay here.*

"Adel, what does honor and glory mean to you?"

"Are you talking about Her Majesty's words? I had a feeling they were
important, but it just ain't possible to think about it in this
madness."

"Madness... is an understatement."

*This isn't a trial or our deaths. It's much worse. These specters are
unique, and the fact that Cassius has not intervened means all of this
is intentional. They disguise themselves as us, win us over and betray
us. We are not only cast to our deaths, but we have to decide whether or
not to slay each other as well. Fear overcomes us, taking the lives of
one another is the safest choice. With the deceptive beasts out there,
we have more than enough reason to cut down one of our own. Given this,
the fear building within us wants to fool our minds. I... must mend it
to my will.*

"Walter, are you able to find any method in this insanity?"

"Answer my question first, Adel."

"Ah, noble etiquette, right?" He leaned his back against the wall,
crossing his arms together. "Honor and glory should mean the same, but
they've both been mentioned. For me, honor's always been staying true to
one's convictions. We've all taken a vow to protect, which is why I was
dumbfounded when Cassius mentioned our heads."

"I've given it some thought as well, but it might have just been
phrasing. Instead of our heads, perhaps we just need proof?"

"Proof? What do you mean?"

Walter took his identification card out. "Right here. I was thinking
optimistically, that perhaps 'head' was just distasteful wording meant
to coerce us into unfathomable actions, perhaps he simply needs just
this. Remember the royal agents at Cathedral Hall? They searched for
identification, but the heads were discarded with the bodies." He then
dropped the identification of other warriors, showing how confident he
is with his hunch. "But that still doesn't align with honor, does it?"

"It doesn't, but... you're starting to make some sense. Maybe thinking
optimistically is what he wants." Adel snickered, in a clearly sarcastic
way.

"Thinking optimistically is definitely a challenge created by the trial.
I even find myself demotivated when I try to think that way, as it poses
many risks. I believed this operation would just take a few hours, but
what if it goes on for multiple days? Random thoughts like this, they
create vulnerabilities, even if just for a moment."

"You're not gonna hide here the whole time, are you?"

"You won't either. I need you, Adel."

A look of confliction spread across his face. Adel was afraid of death
and failure. *I must... cure this ailment,* Walter thought.

"Take a peek outside, Adel." Walter effortlessly carved the cave, making
an opening for them to see out. "Many of us have fallen, yet it seems
our numbers haven't gone down. The specters cannot imitate us to
perfection, and you can see this in the way they compose themselves. The
way they walk, their body language; it's not human enough. Can you see
it for yourself?"

"I can, but it's just not reliable enough."

"Can you confidently take twenty of their heads without slaying one of
our own?"

Adel's body tensed up a little, "I can't. I'm not cut out for this kinda
thing."

"Can you envision me taking forty for the both of us, then?"

"No way... there's only so much that one can do."

"Then I'll do it. For the time being, we'll think of other options. But
we have to pursue at least one of the available options."

Adel's body slowly descended until he was seated on the ground. "You're
sure? I feel like you can, but I just... can't imagine it."

"Allow me to show you." Walter removed his left shoulder plate, casting
his cloak aside. *Once he sees the crest of an Anima, he will know.*

"You..." Adel stood up.

"Hm?" *I haven't revealed the crest yet. What's with that reaction and
tone?*

"Haha... I had a hunch after learning of your identity, how intriguing!"
Adel couldn't hold back his laughter, but he quickly cleared his throat
and fixed his posture, bowing his head. "I understand now, Walter du
Aesir. I will follow your orders."

"What is it? Why do you bow?"

"Are you gonna say there was even more for me to see? Your arm bears the
mark of the original Aesir bloodline. You're a bona fide descendent,
and..."

*A sudden and long pause. I wasn't aware that being a descendent was
that big of a deal... and a descendent of whom? I wasn't sure there was
a direct bloodline. Is such an occurrence more special than being an
Anima?*

"Walter, you're a descendent of Cain, aren't you?"

A sudden jolt ran through his entire body, as Walter took a step
forward. "Descendent\... of Cain?"

*A descendent of Cain? One of the four heroes? What leads him to believe
so? Why is this the first time I hear of this? Is it my physical
appearance? My abilities? The crest?*

"What makes you say that, Adel?" Walter tried his hardest not to impose
a threatening aura.

"Were you going to show a crest of the Anima?" Adel followed up, as if
to read Walter's intentions.

*Is it implied? Being a descendent of Cain, does this imply being an
Anima? What does he know?*

"Adel, you too have the crest of the Aesir, I can see it. It's no
different than mine."

"Don't you also bear the crest of the Vanir?"

Walter nodded. Tension continued to build up from within him, but he
showed no sign of it.

Adel looked him in the eye. "It's not possible for an Aesir to bear the
crest of the Vanir. The two are strictly separate, the only exception
being direct descendents of the original."

As if to sense Walter's unease, Adel realized the dangers of unloading
too much information all at once. "I'm sure talk of this isn't common
among the royals, but it's known at the lower end of the hierarchy. Us
disposable folk pass these kinds of things down, the stuff you'd hear at
a feast." Adel concluded casually.

*Can I trust his words? Similar to 'The Man at Peak's End', it's more
likely that his words are unpolished. Education is severely filtered,
but this might be a baseless rumor. I'll listen for now, just so I can
be aware of the possibilities.*

"How can I trust your word?" Walter's tone was scrutinizing, but
hesitant.

"As an Anima, you possess exceptional perception. Look me in the eyes,
Walter. I'm not lying, am I?" Adel spread his arms out, as if to put his
everything on the line.

*No signs of lying. His body language is sincere, and it lacks method.
He's not afraid nor elated, no sign of exploitation. He's not calm,
either. Compassionate? Pity for me? It was a mistake to ask, it's not
his word that I am concerned about; the information itself might be
faulty, and he wouldn't even know it.*

The atmosphere of the room lost its tension, as if a burning flame had
been put out. A portion of the ground began to rise by Walter, as he sat
on the makeshift chair he created, signaling Adel to continue.

"Let me fill you in on some history. The Vanir are of the House of
Tilith, but the founder herself wasn't named Tilith Vanir. Her mother,
Lyra, continued to use the family name of Astid Baine. Tilith was no
different. Azura was a beautiful but weak nation, for a majority of the
warriors followed Cain to the new kingdom. Tilith worried for the
future, and she wanted our nation to pose a mighty legion to protect it.
This is why she founded the House of Tilith, focusing on preservation
instead of the House of Lyra's prosperity." Adel recalled softly.

*The House of Lyra and the House of Tilith. A compromise to rule the
nation between the tenets of opulence and conservation. What he has said
so far matches what I was taught.*

"Tilith went behind her mother's back, afraid that Azura would not be
able to defend itself in times of crisis. She ended up having an affair
with one of Cain's sons, a political affair that would be seen as a
breach of one of the seven codes, the Code of Fleur, should it have gone
public... is what Cain thought when he found out. But he wished to
protect his son and the daughter of his dearest friend. His son was
removed from his family and given a new one: Vanir. Cain also wished to
aid Tilith, and the lineage of the Aesir began as a result. While the
Aesir are not a direct bloodline, you should understand that there was
always an origin. And you, Walter, are a descendent of the first
Aesir... Cain."

"The first? I was told the origin was lost..."

"It's just speculation, but this is what I know. The Aesir lineage are
warriors trained for the purpose of protecting Azura. Cain had his
children join the ranks of the Azura military, and he relinquished his
position to another once he passed. The current ruler of Scyte is in no
way related to Cain, which is why that bandit-ridden area doesn't match
the description of its founder. True descendents of Cain will have both
the crest of Vanir and Aesir, that's why I was able to tell. The hero,
Cain, has to be the first Aesir, and your ancestor."

Walter seemed to have absorbed all of the information, as he began
considering the possibilities. "General Cassius... do you know if he is
one of these descendents?"

"You don't know?" Adel seemed let down. "I don't, either. I was hoping
you might be able to enlighten me, and tell me he was actually your
father. This kind of topic is usually kept private, you know. I'm lucky
enough that you don't know about it, otherwise I'd likely be
silenced..." Adel slowly looked in Walter's direction, with a slowly
growing look of terror in his eyes as if fear had planted itself deep in
him.

*Not good, I lost control of my composure. I can't lose his trust now, I
need to learn more.* "Worry not. I have no authority to do such a thing.
As of now, you and I are equals." He re-equipped his shoulder plate and
glanced outside. Smoke filled the sky, it was a scene straight out of a
war. "I don't know who my father is. I was just considering the
possibility I may be related to him."

"You're pretty wise for your age." He reached for his pocket, but
suddenly jolted up as if to remember something. "Walter, my colleagues
are still out there. We split up during the grace period, but I think we
should regroup. Gathering numbers is best, wouldn't you agree?"

*He has a point, but this also lets me observe how he is when he
reunites with others. I'll have to see if he relays anything to them,
anything regarding what I just learned about. I might also be able to
speak to them individually about it. This kind of thing requires time
and effort to process, and I have neither to spare at the moment.*

"I'll raise my left hand against adversaries. My right for allies. Use
this to guide your blade." Walter noted calmly.

"Understood."

"Describe them to me as we advance." Walter created an opening in the
cave, and they headed out. Within moments, the quality of the air
worsened severely as the smoke enveloped the skies above.

"Walter, is this poison? Are you alright?"

"Use your cloth. It's diluted, it shouldn't be lethal."

"I'm well versed in poisons, you don't have to worry about me too much."

"Maintain your breathing. The poison and smoke have mixed together,
poison won't be as effective if you breathe into your cloth."

Adel's eyes closed and his eyebrows slanted. *Uhh... was he even
listening? I should catch up, Walter is rather fast.*

"Let's move around the gorge, Walter. We should avoid the south river,
we don't want a confrontation with Babel."

"We might have to encounter him later. If it's inevitable, just stick
close with me. How many are we looking for?"

"Three. Two are around my height, one with red hair and the other with
brown. Another is taller, he wears a helmet with a horn, it should be
distinguishable."

"And the other two, anything distinguishable?"

Adel scratched his chin, as if he never stopped to consider what makes
them stand out. "The red head's got a curved sword, and he holds it like
a dagger. The other has a blue scarf. They all have the same plated
armor as me."

"Hold." Walter raised his left hand.

Adel leaned in to whisper, "What's ahead? And how can you tell?"

"They noticed us too soon. We're stealthily pacing, and the air is
dense. Follow my lead."

"They?" Adel threw in one more word before assuming a natural position
behind Walter. Two people in black cloaks came into view before them.
They extended their arms and began to speak.

"You two, what are your names?" *They sound normal. How can Walter tell
they're specters?*

"I'm Owen. The one behind me is Gran."

The cloaked man on the left lowered his hood. He didn't match the
description, but spoke up. "I'm Luka, and this is Sebas. He doesn't
speak much. Where are you headed?"

"We're off to fight Cedar." *Cedar? Did he make that up on the spot?
What is Walter thinking?*

"Do you mind if we join? I believe it would be best to fight in groups."
Luka extended his arm out.

Walter looked at the arm. *As I thought, the specters don't have the
same information as us. They don't know who exactly we are fighting.
This is... the best option.*

"It's not so good to fight in groups actually." He looked earnestly at
Luka and Sebas before continuing. "Most of us are hiding in the forest
right now, where the air is much better. I think it's best to head
there."

Adel looked at Walter. *Are you serious? That kind of redirection is so
obvious, there's no way that---*

"I understand. Thank you for your advice, we'll be on our way now,
Owen."

"Take care." Luka and Sebas began walking past them, but Walter spoke up
to them once more. "One other thing, there's a lake nearby. I recommend
exploring it, there's supposedly a powerful weapon in the water. You
might find it useful."

They parted ways. Walter continued onward, and Adel kept up.

"You're pretty fast, Adel."

"What was that performance just now? Was it fine that I stayed silent?"

"Your body language was fine. The specters are still gathering
information, they're likely only fighting against Aesir who decided it
was best to kill one another."

"Your observations are beyond my comprehension."

"The river is ahead. Can you make eye contact with Babel?"

"Me? Why?"

He was silent as he continued. There was no doubt that Adel would
listen.

"Babel, where... ah! There he is" Adel looked at the man who was
currently fighting others. Even so, their eyes met shortly after. "He
saw me, Walter."

"Good, thank you. That's what I needed." *If Babel is aware of Adel,
that means he isn't a specter. It's best to check this possibility out.*
"Shall we continue north?"

"They are most likely here."

Walter scanned the area and began sprinting. Adel did his best to
follow. Two individuals, one tall with a helmet and the other with the
same armor, were in the distance. Adel was about to wave, but then
waited for Walter's signal; he didn't want to influence the two in any
way, so that Walter could properly assess them.

"They match the description." He raised his right arm, to which Adel
initiated his wave. They were reunited.

"Ga-"

"Not out loud." Walter didn't yell, but his voice was enough to stop
Adel from speaking.

"The both of you, do you know who this is?"

"Ewan..." The taller man spoke out, holding his hand towards Walter for
a handshake. "Thank you for protecting him." *A handshake gesture? Did
the two specters from before run into these two and learn that?*

Adel walked up to the taller man, who took his helmet off. "Garris,
where is Mace?"

Garrison paused for a moment. "He went to challenge Cassius..."

Adel backed up, nearly losing balance. "No... are you serious?"

The other man pulled a tattered scarf out before speaking. "Don't worry,
Adel... Mace will make it out. He's worthy, Cassius wouldn't kill him."

Adel glanced at Walter, who was letting him catch up with his
companions.

*It's not good if one of us is mentally burdened by another. Even moreso
if that other person isn't even here. I must do something about it.*
"Have faith, Adel." Those words gave him hope, coming from Walter.

A shock suddenly decorated Adel's face, as if he remembered something
grand. "Oh, right! You two, this is Walter du Aesir. You won't believe
this, but he's... he's a true descendent!"

They both widened their eyes as Walter made his crests visible. He
seemed to be more convinced about the tale before, but he wanted more
details.

"I'll make a temporary shelter. Follow me."

***

"Not only a true descendent, but he even has powers of earth like the
legendary Cain?!" Said Garrison, who was sitting by the wall of the
makeshift cave.

"It's nothing special." Walter says, as everyone blankly stares at him.
Unlike the last shelter with Adel, Walter has created furniture within
the space. Six chairs and a table, an entirely separate room with beds;
even the dirt is softened to act as a pillow, as if anybody would want
to dirty their face. Adel couldn't help but smile after seeing Walter's
content showing-off face. *Wipe that smug off your face Walter, you want
to say that after making such a detailed hideout with ease?*

The scarfed man spoke up first to break the silence. "Right... oh, I
never introduced myself! I am Felix, and this is Garrison. The three of
us are all stationed at the same village, Mira."

"It's a pleasure to meet you so soon. I am Walter du Aesir, and I am...
not stationed?"

"You don't know? You seem pretty young, actually. What are you doing
here?" Felix expressed his interest, but Walter didn't want to waste any
time with small talk.

"I was called here, the same as you. I'd like to ask more abo*---"*

The ground shook. Walter did his best to maintain the structure of the
closed area, but the shaking was intense. He quickly opened up a small
hole to see what happened outside. The smoke became thicker, and the
specters began to run amok. Their distorted appearances slowly changed
from soldiers to their original forms. *Chastes... he's trying to flee
from the river? Babel and Theros are on the move, what's going on?*

The ground violently. Walter did his best to maintain the structure of
the closed area. He quickly opened up a small hole to see what happened
outside. The smoke became thicker, and specters began running amok.
Their once human appearances began to disfigure, unable to coordinate
properly with the sudden change of atmosphere. *Or perhaps... is
something external causing this? And Chastes, is he trying to flee from
the river? Theros is on the move, did Babel flee? Seeing the water
slowly rise from the gorge and spread out, it's unnerving...*

"Walter, what is it?"

"Adel, stay here. All of you stay put. The captains are on the move, it
seems like circumstances have changed."

Just then, the same thundering roar of Lord Michael filled the air.
"Halt your activities and fortify your defenses."

"Walter, don't go! That includes you. Lord Michael can handle this, and
Lord Cassius is here as well!"

*Adel speaks the truth, I cannot imagine anybody that those two cannot
defeat. But there are other issues; there are nobles present, this isn't
a mere outburst. A targeted siege? At Queen Alice, or even Hyland? I
need to... no, I'm just making excuses. I want to go out there.*

"Adel, keep your comrades safe." His tone of voice was monotone, he was
entirely fixated on leaving. Nobody could stop him, as he created an
opening and closed it behind him.

A brief silence.

"It's rather dark here, don't you think, Adel?" Spoke Garrison.

"Hold on." Adel struck his match on the ground, lighting a fire for a
small amount of light. On the floor were extra matches, and there was
now a circle that seemed to be made for creating a fire. He threw the
matches in and then dropped his own, lighting a fire.

"He's a considerate man, isn't he?" Felix took a seat by the fire,
noticing there were also rations of food. There was even a small opening
by the corner, which was likely an emergency escape. "So that's what a
true descendent is like. My faith in this country has been restored."

"Adel?" Garrison stood up.

Adel held the cloth that belonged to Walter in his hand. It was well
made, but he could tell from the stitchings by the corners. *My daughter
used to make cloths for me, so I can tell. You don't know your parents,
you have a tone that feels so independent... and this cloth, you made it
yourself.* "Garrison, Felix. I'm gonna step out for just a little while,
I'll head back if anything happens. I'm too curious to stay put."

***

Distortions, a phenomenon pertaining to spectral entities. Common at
areas with leylines, distortions are the byproduct of psyche leakages
from leylines. There were several occurring all at once, an odd
occurrence.

"You, Walter du Aesir!" A voice yelled from behind him, he turned back.

"Lord Babel?"

"Cut the honorifics, we're short on time. Find as many as you can, help
them evacuate."

"What's the situation?"

"The leyline by the plains, it's been destroyed completely. Emperor
class specters are spewing out."

*The north? Master Darus is there... no, I should follow orders.*

Babel was nearly out of sight. Walter kept balancing between two
decisions: assist in battle, or help the many. *Honor and glory...* he
continued to think. *Is there a chance this is part of the trial? Then,
what I should do is help. I'll make temporary shelters for everybody.*

Before he could even think, the air around him began to thicken in a
mystifying fog. Psyche energy was leaking around him, as the distortion
began to fully envelop the surroundings. Beasts of cavalry and brigade
class began to take form from the fog, swarming Walter who began to
unsheathe his sword. The moment it left the scabbard, he parried a
strike from two beasts while keeping the rest in his vision. With
precise footwork, Walter turned to strike the specter on the left with
the handle of his blade. Pressing downward, he lifted himself to kick
the one next to him and boosted himself up to the larger specters. His
blade was aimed right for its head, before it suddenly changed its
appearance. *This one... Warlord class.*

For perhaps a fraction of a second, the intelligent specter likely
prepared to strike back after fooling the Aesir. Upon gazing above,
however, the once weak blade seemed to tower over it with the presence
of a mountain. Though it remained the same in appearance, each fraction
of a second made it clear that the sword had changed. As it collided
first with its face, in the next instant it had already connected with
the ground, pulverizing anything in its path. As if to make up for the
delay, the rest of the body was immediately blasted away in the face of
such immense pressure, dust clouding any onlooker from viewing the
scene. As the air cleared up, nothing remained but a wide crater and a
sword now embedded onto the ground, waiting to be retrieved.

*The placement of that distortion felt too targeted, I was at the center
of it. Somebody is behind this...*

*"Walter, do not reveal your abilities to anybody." Master spoke these
words to me, but I should at least be able to use that much. Even if
it's just a fraction, would I still be at a risk if nobody is around?*

*...has it always felt this satisfying to use my abilities?*

Walter du Aesir, Unique Arts Technique: Coagulate. With his heightened
affinity for Earth, Walter is not only able to change not only the
material but the quality of the material. The secret to an impactful
strike with a thin weapon: massively increasing the density of the blade
at the right time of a swing.

*I never had the chance to strike like this before, but physics prefers
heavier objects to stay on the ground. As I thought, crashing downwards
with the edge perpendicular to the ground makes for a stronger impact.*

"Hey, you!" A figure in the distance was catching up. "Where are you
headed?"

"\...Babel?"

"Reporting in, Walter. What's our situation?"

*That's right... outside of trial circumstances, I have more authority
than the brigade captains due to my status as Lord Charles' underling.
Then, earlier...*

"Did you speak to me earlier?"

"No... I was fending off Chastes with Theros. We parted ways, he's off
to reconvene with Kevin. What happened?"

"This is... very grave. We mustn't waste time, come with me to the
plains!"

They both began sprinting quickly. *The specters that attacked me just
now, as well as the ones before, they assumed their original forms or
ambiguous forms. They could not imitate anymore, so what about the Babel
I saw...no, I interacted with earlier? And he knew my name, so they
can't be affiliated with the specters. I gave a false identity. This is
coordinated.*

"Walter, is Darus in trouble?"

"Is there anyone else up north? There was an imitation of you that told
me to protect or evacuate the others, they likely wanted me to give
their positions away."

"Was it that similar?"

"Even down to their aura, it was no different from you." Walter peeked
at Cathedral Hall, but he couldn't sense Cassius. "Where is Lord
Cassius?"

"He's protecting the royals. Lord Michael has gone to the scene of the
destruction... it should be around where Darus is?"

"We have no time to waste. It's just up ahead."

Walter suddenly paused. He analyzed his surroundings before turning
around completely. Babel continued forward, knowing that if his sudden
halt had anything to do with him he would have signaled it.

"Adel, why are you here?"

"Don't worry, they're still in the shelter. It's closed too, I spent a
good amount of time fortifying it. Let me help, please."

"I don't have time to deny you, keep up with me." He dashed forward.
Surprisingly, Adel was pacing well behind him as they approached the
plains. A massive wall of mist stretching as high as the clouds. Several
emperor class beasts were shaping in the air and rising from the ground.
Babel had already begun exterminating them, but just up ahead was the
true struggle: the destruction of the leyline vein had spawned a miasma,
a powerful type of specter that is formless besides its unique trace,
which is mist in this case. It covered almost the entire plains, and
within it was likely Darus.

"Babel, I'm going in!" Walter called out as he passed him.

"Stay cautious, the both of you!"

*The mist is getting thicker... I can feel my sense of space warping.*

On the other side of the miasma was a hellish scene. Lord Michael was
doing battle with two masked individuals, and Darus was taking on what
seems to be a judgement class specter.

*Lord Michael is moving around in the air at such absurd speeds, and the
two he is fighting are keeping pace. I must assist Darus.*

"Adel, don't get killed."

"I'll stand my ground. Let me witness this."

Walter lunged in, and Darus could sense his presence. The specter took
the form of a four-armed ogre, with a blade in each hand. Its face was
intimidating, and its horns could be used as weapons as well. *This kind
of enemy shouldn't be that difficult... but Darus isn't using his
abilities. This must be a move of intelligence for whoever is behind
this, I should be wary as well.*

"It's good to see you, Walter." He could see it in his eyes, Walter
already understood why he must not use his powers here. War is about
knowing the intention of the enemy.

"Our arm count should be fair now."

"Cracking jokes at a time like this? Hah, you never change!"

The two entered a stance specific for dual battle, one that they have
practiced together many times before. Walter had his back to Darus,
their blades aligning. With the first step, Walter dashes to the side as
Darus heads straight on.

*That beast is just going to use its other arms for Walter, right? What
an interesting young man...*

As the specter lashed its blade at Walter, not a single drop of blood
hit the floor. Walter used his blade to withstand the first strike, then
grabbed the opposite end of the ogre's blade with his hand. In a swift
motion, Walter pulled down on his sword and up with his knee against the
adversary's blade. With his sheer strength alone, he shattered the
sword. Another blade was coming, but Walter parried it by the lower half
of his sword. The ogre's blade nearly grazed Walter's face, but he
grabbed onto the blade and fought back against the force. The moment the
ogre's pressure weakened, Walter gripped the sword's edge and boosted
himself up until he stood on the blade like a platform.

With grace, Walter leapt high into the air. *Now, it's all you, Darus.
Its attention is on me.*

Darus, God General of Swords, Unique Arts Technique: Magma Blade.
Combining his affinity for fire and earth, Darus creates another sword
with the properties of a miniature volcano. Hot to the touch, with a
sharp molten core and an outer shell that is brittle but rough. In one
slash, the blade shattered and doused the specter with lava. It began to
shriek and strike Darus, who then parried the other swords with his own.

"Walter!"

Shortly after the shout, a sharp blade quickly fell down right through
the head of the specter. A loud thud followed by the monsters' blades
hitting the ground, before it began to vanish. Walter fell shortly after
to pick his sword up, which was now lodged into the ground.
*Perpendicular for force, and parallel for power.*

"Master Darus, the emperor class specters aren't present. All that's
left are the two that Lord Michael is fighting."

"Don't worry, leave it to him. Our goal now is to de-escalate and end
this bout. You did good, Walter, I'm proud of you."

"No, I... used some of my power at the end. I could tell that I wasn't
supposed to."

"Don't worry about it, the enemy couldn't flee because it's dead. You
could see its core hit the ground."

Adel walked over to the two who were having a brief celebration. "That
was amazing!"

Walter had a slight smirk of satisfaction, and Darus could tell. *Looks
like you've done some socializing, Walter. This was more than Cassius
could ask for.*

***

Shortly after Adel had left the hideout, Garrison and Felix were afraid
he may never return. Adel had always been the headstrong type like Mace,
but he had a softness in his heart. To alleviate their worries, they
headed to the other room to rest. Though they were both unwilling to be
vulnerable, a sudden wave of fatigue caught up with the both of them.

Adel sat by the fire. "Garrison, Felix. Do you think Mace will come
back?"

No response. It appears they are sound asleep in the other room, until
some footsteps could be heard. "Have faith in him, Adel."

"Felix, you're up?"

"I'm still thinking about that descendent. He's an interesting person."
Felix stood by Adel and smiled. "Welcome back, Adel."

His face then moved over to the opening that he walked out of. It was...
very roughly patched. "Is that... supposed to be a door?"

"Oh, that? I wanted to get some fresh air for a bit, and I also wanted
to see what the surrounding was like. It wasn't that dangerous out so I
stayed a bit, but I realized how vulnerable I was and quickly tried to
re-fortify it."

"Haha, some things never change, eh?"

"On that note, I wanted to talk with Walter more. He's an Anima as well,
he's got the full package"

"Is that so? Maybe we can find him again after all this."

"I'd hope so."

"You really gave me a surprise, though. When I saw him next to you, he
had such a strong aura! I thought maybe you've been walking around with
one of the warlord-class."

Adel stood up and began approaching Felix.

"Adel?"

"Hey, Felix. You trust me, right?"

"Of course. I knew you would find us again, but you know how Mace is...
he's stubborn and wanted a quick way to win. Don't let that demotivate
you."

"That's good." A short but eerie pause. "Can you stand by the wall? The
one next to the exit, I'm trying to get a good measure down. Maybe we'll
need to escape, I'd like to soften a part of the wall."

"What about the area you fortified?"

"Ah... that? It's actually a lot stronger now, come on just do it."

"Alright, alright! I know you're so meticulous about things like this."
Felix walked over and lined up against the wall. He began to turn,
until...

A long, crystal blade impaled him through the chest, going as far as to
strike through the wall as well.

"A...del?"

The figure that looked like Adel had its arms raised, with a blade
between each finger. The four blades crashed downward along with the
movement of his arms, slicing Felix into four pieces. The walls were
decorated red, and not a single sound could be made in time.

"A talkative bunch, simply not my type." It glanced over at the wall. "
There's another in the other room, right?"

It walked over, slowly revealing its true form. Standing over the tall
man lying down was a woman with a single seraphim wing, seemingly
stitched to her back. She had a frilly black dress and a white
under-piece, typical for nobles to wear. Instead of pupils, her eyes had
a sharp cross that stared coldly at the man before her. Barefoot, and
now holding a crystal sword in her hand, she blitzed it into Garrison's
neck.

And then his head.

And then his chest.

And then his stomach.

The stabs turned into slices, and the slices turned into carvings.

Until there was nothing left of Garrison but a crimson mess.

"I don't need to preserve the useless ones, so making art like this is
perfectly reasonable!"

Two other voices began to echo.

"Innamorati, did you learn more?" A light, more feminine voice. The
sound of metal clashing made it clear she was still in battle.

She dropped her sword, as it shattered to pieces and faded away. "Our
target is Walter du Aesir. Is he there?"

"Sorry, love, but our hands are a bit busy!" A deeper voice, but more
energetic and rather sarcastic.

"I'll be there. The general won't leave the center, he's afraid of
attacks. I'll send Ashura their way to make sure of it." Innamorati
brought forth another blade, she was eager to get into the action.

The deep voice seemed to be indifferent to the fight. "Do what you want,
dear! Just don't break my toys! Oho!" It was very clear how intense of a
battle the two were in, yet their demeanor was scarily composed.

Emerging from the cave, Innamorati scanned for her target while
disguised as Adel. She pursued north, until finally seeing him.

She chuckled to herself. "Luck is on my side today, huh?"
