<!--
name: The Grand Gathering
peek: The Reformer
tags: chapter
chapter: 1
date: 1687187149
-->

THE REFORMER

***

*Clad with the blood of either friend or foe, the original shine of the
blade could barely be recognized. Gone are the days of prosperity and
kinship, for the era upon him was grim and full of carnage and evil. The
man once sought truth followed the trail of deceit, and he now finds
himself at a loss of who to call his ally. There was no land that held
its rightful ruler, yet all of mankind seemed to agree to a mutual
bloodshed and malice. Wrath was the only common denominator on this
continent, yet he spoke boldly to catch the attention of the beast
before him. "The lands, they must be cleansed. These people, they must
be saved." Such drivel should be ignored by the strong, for the words of
the weak were meant to be trampled. Yet the man challenged the Heralds
of Death with his words alone: "The strong does not yet exist as it once
had. Order will find itself as the mighty returns." These Heralds, who
have abused kinship to conjure fear, found trepidation in the man that
spoke these words. They exhausted all of their forces to claim his head
but to no avail. "Thy speak of the strong not existing, the strong be
returning, you dare not refer to thyself?" spoke the head of Regulus, to
which the man replied, "To compare the strong to the likes of you and I,
we are helpless at its mercy. The worth of your head, and the worth of
mine, we are but dust in his eyes. Your provocations would not even
appear in the cognizance of the strong." Despite his admonishments, the
man was hunted to the point of self-exile, for there was no land that
did not desire his blood splattered across the floors. This man yearned
not for the strong, yet could not help but express his bitterness, for
the weak have gathered together to expedite another's decay. Yet in his
eyes, he too was of the weak, and it was his duty to see to it that the
strong would one day return. "Demiurgos meets Invictus, Life meets
Death," thus spoke the man.*

Sitting in his lonesome, he recalled his favorite excerpt from an old
tale, *The Man at Peak's End.* At both an unknown time and setting, this
tale depicts a prodigy that was denounced by his country and his people
for his bold prophecies. To prevent his loved ones from being slain, the
man fled and vanished into obscurity; what remains now is a mysterious
story with no definitive end. Although this tale is greatly shadowed by
the likes of *The Four Heroes* and *The Peerless Warlord*, he found this
specific tale much more intriguing and charming. *Perhaps it was the
lack of details and popularity,* he thought to himself, *that the work
had a sense of credibility that would have been left untouched since its
writing. No exaggeration, and nothing inserted for the purpose of
entertainment; a raw piece of history depicting a time in which this
flourishing world housed the most incredulous of prosecutors. The less
infamy a work has, the more merit it boasts*, he concludes. After all,
the work has no other versions, meaning its words have never been
tampered from its original creation. While it remains a mystery with
many questions left unanswered, he felt a connection with this story. It
shined a bright light on many importances of his life.

"Ah, that's right." He spoke out, before looking around the training
room in search of people. He sensed a presence entering, but it wasn't
one to be wary of. A memory resurfaced in his mind, and he dropped the
eighty kilogram weight that he was lifting with his left arm. Standing
up, he reached into his pocket to pull out a small notebook as he walked
over to one of the training dummies. Then, he proceeded to open the
notebook and begin writing as he spoke out:

"This world follows seven core principles, and you will learn more about
them and their origins when you grow older. They are named after the
individuals who were the subject of worship. These are very important to
understand, so listen to me carefully as I tell you these codes.

The Code of Avita: One in power cannot be forcefully dethroned, it is
the decision for the masses to decide who to follow.

The Code of Yggdrasil: One is not allowed to deprive another of their
merriment.

The Code of Krotek: One may be enslaved only without mistreatment.

The Code of Imperion: One can prevent a war or stop it, for war does not
have to see its end.

The Code of Fleur: One's chastity, marriage, and love is destined by
oneself. False love, arranged marriages, and the deprivation of one's
virginity is taboo.

The Code of Sohee: One can be indicted, but cannot be punished without
integrity.

The Code of Ignis: One will not find salvation in taking one's own life.

If these kinds of things interest you, I can provide you with *The Seven
Vows,* which contains everything there is about these codes and the
individuals. There's also history, but... before learning about history,
it's important to know about the now. This is the Luminous continent,
home to the Three Kingdoms: Ingram, the nation of scholars and wisdom.
Located further north at the east coast of the continent, the ruler of
the nation is also the headmaster of their famous academy. Many
important discoveries have been made there, and I have nothing but
respect for them. At the center of the nation is the Armament, one of
the most secure research facilities. Bordering Ingram to the south west
is Scyte, a nation of battle known as the "land of the mercenaries."
Ruled by one man and his generals, Scyte is mostly known for its
military might and their fearsome God Generals. These individuals have
the potential to be the strongest in the land. Lastly, bordering Scyte
as well as the east coast of this continent is Azura, the nation of
prosperity and honor. This is where we are, a beautiful empire ruled
over by two noble houses. Everybody in our nation is at peace, and we
have not seen conflict in centuries. Within the continent, as well as
other continents, is a hub for the Imperial Order; you may come to know
this faction as simply the "Guild." Here, in Azura, is where this
embassy resides.

About the Imperial continent, it is one of the most historic and rich
continents. This continent houses the Regal Kingdoms, which controls the
Guild and was once ruled by one of the Seven: Imperion. The continent is
also where Allanon, the great Elven woods, reside. Just east of it is
Adneil, the imperial Elven nation. Another one of the Seven, Fleur, was
a revered figure in this country."

"Walter, are you speaking to yourself?" Before he could continue, Walter
was interrupted by a man who had been at the entrance for some time. "Am
I interrupting?"

"As always, you have no presence. I could only sense your entering, but
afterwards it was nearly impossible to follow, Master Darus."

"That was an awfully long speech, I'd love to ask its purpose but I'm
afraid I don't have the leisure to do so."

"Oh?"

"Cassius has ordered me to inform you, all of the Aesir from across the
continent have been called to gather at the Cathedral Hall. Although you
are still young and in training, he specified that you must attend as
well."

He walked away from the dummy and reached over to a table, placing his
notebook down. "This sounds rather important. Is there any other
detail?"

Darus shook his head, looking downwards. Walter always picks up on small
gestures such as these.

"I can only inform you of the orders. However, I can inform you on what
to expect. After all, the Aesir that will be there are not all from
Azura..."

Darus continued to debrief, but unbeknownst to him he had begun
explaining to a sturdy wall. Although Walter had utmost respect for him,
hearing his voice reminds him of the authorities in the continent. Born
to nobility, yet never participating in it, Walter was born to be a
warrior and has been separated from the families at a young age,
training in solemn alone-ness.

*I was taken in by Lord Luminous, who gave me 'The Man at Peaks End.'
Master Darus has also given me such grand swordsmanship. I recall the
words as clear as ever from the tale... 'You four, you shall carry my
burden; no, my hopeless dreams. You endure hardship, pain, struggle and
suffering not because you are weak. No, this experience accumulates
because it is destined for the strong to never yield to such barbarism.
Let it stack over and over, for I truly believe such mundane tasks do
not even render in your eyes. You four, your greatness and strength is
guaranteed. I shall see to it, even when my bearings have transcended
this world, that you will become that which I... which they have... no,
that which you have envisioned yourself. The weak must not decide for
the strong, and the strong must find a role to assume to present to the
weak. These ramblings of mine, I pray you four shall cherish it dearly
for eons to come; for when the strong remember me so, I shall be the
reminder to them of you who serve as the origin.'*

"Walter..."

A young man, standing tall with his hands over an open notebook. He
looked downwards in self-absorbed focus. *This was the sight of a man
deep in thought and mourning*, Darus thought to himself.

"Very well then." The notebook closes, as Walter approaches Darus. "I
will go."

"How long has it been since you last left this place?"

"Seven months, eight days, fifteen hours."

*Precise, exact. This man was separated from his family at a young age
to cultivate what he is now, how monstrous.*

As Walter walked past Darus, a sense of absolute conviction could be
felt. Darus was used to these kinds of auras, but seldom did he feel it
from somebody so young. Walter had just recently turned eighteen, but he
already has the abilities of a long-time warrior.

"Did you notice? My sword's sheath is on the door that you walked
through. But the sword itself, I always leave it elsewhere."

"You've learned since that incident, I can see that."

"I will never be swayed like that again." He brought the sheathe down
and equipped it to his waist. He then walked to the dummies, where he
removed its head and removed a stainless broadsword from the body of it.

"It still perplexes me, Walter." Darus took a seat by the dummy near
Walter. "This sword that I gave you, it was unbelievably light when I
last picked it up. Such a thin blade, it's terrifying how much impact
you are able to give it with each swing."

"You noticed this is the same blade?"

"Though it's untouched, I can see that you polish it with care. I can
always get you a new, higher quality one."

"There's no need for that."

"I don't mean to underestimate your abilities as an Anima, but having a
better weapon never hurts."

Walter sheathed his sword and tidied up his boots.

"At some point, you'll come to a revelation that not any sword can work
for you. Imperion himself had his own specific equipment, soon you will
be the same. It's a warrior's specialty."

*Although his interpretation of warrior spirit and understanding of
warrior culture is completely accurate... I am sure he would find it
difficult to believe the properties of the sword,* Walter thought to
himself. In this world, there is a universal force that exists within
every being: Psyche. A person's psyche is determined at birth, and
psyche is measured in terms of affinity. Each race has different
affinities, but there are only four of them. For humans like Walter,
they wield the affinities of four elements: Fire, Water, Earth, or Wind.
The title of Anima is given to those that have the highest affinity for
the respective element, a traditional practice of the Luminous
continent. *I am the Anima of Earth, and my sword is... a completely
normal broadsword that can be purchased anywhere at any local smithery.
I know that much. The abilities that Anima are capable of, the ones that
I had to spend so much time learning, were much different in several
magnitudes from the common person. My ability to turn weak material into
powerful ones, that is what I specialize in. So... I am sorry, but I
won't need a signature weapon.*

"Let's go, the carriage is waiting for us."

"Understood."

"And before we get on, I'd like to remind you. Fear kills warriors that
cannot mend it to their will."

Darus continued walking forward, but he could sense the burning aura
behind him. Walter's gaze was fixed, and his resolve was hardened. He
suddenly became more aware of the events that awaited him, as his eyes
flared in fervor. *He spoke these words with an ominously casual tone. I
had rationalized that there must be a reason for this. Perhaps his own
consciousness, or maybe he is being watched? This serious bit of
information, contrasted with his tone of voice. His words were vague as
well.*

***

Cathedral Hall was a place in which only a single aspect of it warranted
an accurate name. Although there is a cathedral-like entrance and a
tower at the center, the area itself had no halls nor did it resemble a
cathedral. It was a wide circular building, encased within a dome of
protection. The area around this hall was known as "Babylon's Hell,"
because it prevents normal people from being able to reach the center
due to its harsh conditions. The entire area itself serves as both
training grounds and a containment zone. A large leyline vein passes
through this area, and to the west of it is what's known as a leyline
deposit. Leyline veins are currents that run through this world that
carry energy, which can be converted into psyche. To prevent leyline
deposits from being too rich in psyche, the Vanir family makes breaches
into large leyline veins across the country. Specters, beings created
from the energy that passes, spawn from these veins. These entities are
harmful and considered monsters. They take a multitude of forms and slay
indiscriminately. As warriors of Azura, we must learn the many different
archetypes of specters as well as the range at which their strength may
vary. But of course, traversing Babylon's Hell and reaching Cathedral
Hall should not pose any life-threatening difficulty to an Aesir.

The Aesir have absolute loyalty to the Vanir despite being a more
powerful family. The Aesir have much larger numbers, and the most
skilled fighters of the continent, while the Vanir represent one of the
two houses that rule Azura. Walter was exceptionally loyal to the Vanir.

"While we are here, do you mind if I ask what your talk was about?"

"Are you referring to back at the training hall?"

"I am. It was a little unnerving to hear you speak in such a soft tone,
it felt unusual but comical at the same time."

"Lord Charles Vanir will be having a new child soon, and I have been
appointed to this child by Lord Luminous himself. I was practicing my
teaching methods."

"I see. When do you expect to have that talk with the child?"

"After they are born."

Darus burst out in laughter, and even the carriage driver couldn't help
but chuckle. "You know, kid, you never fail to amuse me."

"I was serious, it would be best for them to learn this as soon as
possible."

"You're not much of a teacher, are you?"

"I'm merely imitating you."

"That's a different case, Walter. You were a genius, it was easy to
teach you everything at once. But not everyone's as gifted as you,
you'll have to wait and see what that child is capable of. I know I'm
not much of a teacher, but I know that much at least."

"Your teachings have influenced me greatly, mind you. I believe you've
done splendidly. In your honor, I will make sure the child grows up
well."

Darus scratched his head and looked beyond the horizon. "Not listening
to me, are you? You took away all the difficulty of teaching, you should
observe someone else. Pick up a pupil or two later on, perhaps the
struggle will shape you into a good instructor."

"A pupil... would that be appropriate for me?"

"Let go of the past, Walter. You're not some trainee anymore. I've seen
what you can do, you're already a full fledged warrior. But you're still
not ready, Walter du Aesir. You still need the experience."

*Experience? This came about suddenly. Perhaps this event at Cathedral
Hall... this is an experience necessary for me. Lord Cassius wants me
there, but all of the Aesir have gathered. The meaning of this...*

"I know that very well. Thank you, Master Darus."

"That being said, don't overload the child with all that damn
information! Make it thorough, what's the kid gonna do after learning
such an important code from a single sentence, huh?!"

"That's... a very good point." He took his notebook out and began
writing. Once more, he was fully engrossed and had become that sturdy
wall. "How might I make this optimal for their survivability?" He
mumbled to himself.

Darus laughed again, "Survivability, eh? I guess you can't argue with
that!"

"Master?"

He brought his hand closer to Walter's head, then extended his index
finger. "Whatever's in here, it's enough to make a rough man like me
chuckle. That's how I'm sure you'll be a good mentor."

*He continued onward, seeming content with my responses. I will admit,
after thinking about what I said I am rather embarrassed. It's rather
silly after considering that I am talking about a child... but he
doesn't seem to realize that this is the child of Lord Charles, the most
powerful man in Azura. There's no doubt their potential will supersede
us both.*

***
